Management Meetings

27/09/21
We are choosing for an agile approach.
They recommended us to complete 2d first before 3D since it could be a bigger task than expected 
We expected a real time data flow, but we can just simulate it ourselves or just upload CSV’s.
Talked about a missing group member and whether they would continue with the group project with us
Asked us how we were feeling about the project.
Talked about branding but needed to wait until first client meeting.

04/10/21
Clarify the way the data was simulated or was real time only simulate.
Gained clarification of ethics approval – simple sign the sheet on MyDundee
We don’t need to moderate messages for comment sections.
IP is ours and not the Uni if we needed help just ask.

11/10/21
Don’t recommend giving a live link to people because they might get distracted during presentation
We can’t use google form need to proper ethics forms 
Advised against recording voice 
Presentation should only take 10 mins rest for questions.
1-3 people present is perfect


Client Meetings
4/10/21
We can use branding
Loves paint - Current placeholders
Seen Data 
Ideally wants 3D graph
Muscles group interactive add different exercise e.g press quad show quad exercise 
No instant messaging ideally comment on session - One comment each 
Physio and client – physio can add/remove client
Long run both for now at current business only
Ideally physio should know what know there job so we don't need to tell them what to do only show data
You can easily present data.
Can add mock data
Taking data and present 
We're getting logo’s on team.

11/10/21
Top Bar color change - Be colour friendly
Graph: Percentage activated? Out of 900 - Show max activation per session
Per muscle - Show muscle
Figures currently present in data are level of activation
Looking for heigh/low, so % should show activated threshold
For example if they’re going from 300-600 then they’re using 300 out of a potential 900? So only 33%
compare between legs
